GHA: cmake cache fixes (#1596)
inviwo/inviwo: modules/webbrowser/webhelper/CMakeLists.txt

        # Add the Helper as a dependency of the main executable target.
        add_dependencies(${CEF_TARGET} "${_helper_target}")

>         # Nedd to make sure we build and sign the herpers before we build any apps,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # Need to make sure we build and sign the helpers before we build any apps,
```
